README.md, before:

Scala JavaFX Archetype 
======================

This project is a maven archetype which creates a simple Helloworld project for Scala, Maven and JavaFX.

Prerequisites
=============

As described in http://www.zenjava.com/2012/11/24/from-zero-to-javafx-in-5-minutes/, you want to
have the javafx libraries in your classpath. This can be done via calling 

	mvn com.zenjava:javafx-maven-plugin:1.3:fix-classpath

once for your javafx installation.

For Windows users: 

Please make sure you have installed the "right" java installation for your architecture (x86 or x64)


If you want to have a jumpstart for developing JavaFX with Scala and Maven, just enter

	mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeGroupId=net.ladstatt -DarchetypeArtifactId=scala-javafx-archetype -DarchetypeVersion=0.1

This will create a new maven project in a subdirectory relative to the place you've called the command above. Change to this directory and enter

	mvn clean package

After some time, a target directory will be created and a xyz-jfx.jar will be created. You can start the JavaFX application by
entering 

	java -jar target/xyz-jfx.jar

(Of course you have to adapt the jar filename!)

Enjoy!

Commit message:

provided info how to use project until properly released

README.md, after:

Scala JavaFX Archetype 
======================

This project is a maven archetype which creates a simple Helloworld project for Scala, Maven and JavaFX.

Prerequisites
=============

As described in http://www.zenjava.com/2012/11/24/from-zero-to-javafx-in-5-minutes/, you want to
have the javafx libraries in your classpath. This can be done via calling 

	mvn com.zenjava:javafx-maven-plugin:1.3:fix-classpath

once for your javafx installation.

For Windows users: 

Please make sure you have installed the "right" java installation for your architecture (x86 or x64)

Until this project is hosted properly in maven central, you have to checkout this project and call

	mvn install

After that you can use the archetype.

A jumpstart for developing JavaFX with Scala and Maven is now possible by entering

	mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeGroupId=net.ladstatt -DarchetypeArtifactId=scala-javafx-archetype -DarchetypeVersion=0.1-SNAPSHOT

This will create a new maven project in a subdirectory relative to the place you've called the command above. Change to this directory and enter

	mvn clean package

After some time, a target directory will be created and a xyz-jfx.jar will be created. You can start the JavaFX application by
entering 

	java -jar target/xyz-jfx.jar

(Of course you have to adapt the jar filename!)

Enjoy!
